Fast Retry Interval Edits (#11786)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/dns_tests.md

#### Fast retry

> Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. Configuration is available to better suit your alerting sensibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your test can trigger retries `X` times after `Y` ms in case of a failed test result. Customize the retry interval to suit your alerting sensibility.
```
